before I begin let me stop by saying my
man the Stars if I move it today oh I'm
sorry but I don't know these bits play
my story begins with the flying dutchman
coming out of nowhere
didn't down where it's wetter their
words not mine with mermaids and my
man's this King Triton
he got crab one crab who conducts
concerts where sea creatures play conks
and the dawdles of King Triton sing a
damn dude you really spread your roll
around don't you and then the grand
entrance of the little baby mermaid
daughter who we've already been told as
the best voice and plot twist she are
more important things to do to entertain
her mermaid ma and Pappy Ariel has done
swished her tail on over to some sunken
ship with her friend flounder and right
away you know this story BS because Noah
flounder is born with one eye on each
side of his head one of them suckers
gradually migrates across the head until
the bit has some serious skull issues
forcing that bit to swim on his side
Dasein asked me what I know since I'm
scaring the little children back to the
point which is the fact that Ariel gets
her fins in a fluff over Falk and right
now I'm thinking the flounder I
migration is a more fascinating story
then she almost gets a nip in the flip
before taking her newfound folk to her
feathered friend this is scuttle and I
don't know what the point of him is next
this is Ursula she'd a bad guy think of
her as Doc Ock with some really big
tentacles next take out the papers in
the trash or you don't get no spending
cash and look now you done gone and got
my crustacean all cranky but daddy the
humans are fascinating I mean they got a
lot more going on below the scales than
we do bit you sassing big dead a you
live on the my ocean you live under my
rules and she just swim off like live
under this and the king just sit there
like I'll just shove this effing [ __ ]
my throat and get it over with I mean
the crab gets a downgrade from King's
advisor to babysitting the king spoiled
brat
sounds familiar right Zazu and I'm just
looking at isn't it like this
ain't this okok supposed to be fun I
wish someone will give me my gun
this Waldo make me feel like I must be
think I just heard that's why I heard
anyway and off she goes touching the bud
where she sees much macho with a statue
to commemorate all of his much macho
Ness then a stone did a rescue and then
she stopped singing and he just keeps
singing and the soliloquies cephalopod
devises a shy scheme didn't a babysitter
sings a song while the Troublesome child
runs off and was again I'm just learning
it isn't it like this so King tryhard
summons the babysitter and finds out his
baby girl is ready to throw her sea
shells at the first handsome human to
cover her weight and Big Daddy has a big
issue and Ariel says but daddy I'm in
love and then he blows up all her loot
then Ursula makes her an offer she can't
refuse she's like look shocked mate I
can make you human if you give me your
voice and you got three days to get that
human Punk to lay a big smooch on you in
which case you can stay up there forever
remain a fish eater if you fail you come
back down here and let mama long legs
and her bouncing bazooms give you some
sugar deal and areas like but if I ain't
got my voice how can I keep the Prince
up all night singing I'm Henry the
Eighth I am and Ursula's like girl just
get up there and shake your new
moneymaker men all are they interested
in hear what you think
now sign your name right here and give
you soda mommy have some legs and have
some booty it has some other things
children I not be discussing later Ariel
find some clothes Eric finds Ariel and
Sebastian finds out what's become of all
their missing fish friends the next day
after much full plate the crab has had
enough of this nonsense it seems the
tropical family-friendly rendition of
Marvin Gaye's let's get it on and they
just lucky Marvin Gaye's family has not
decided to assume but they are
interrupted by Ursula's evil twin eels
and Ursula disguises herself as an
aerial wannabe and puts a spell and to
make on Prince Mak that it later that
same day Eric and Ursula set sail to be
married and we learned the point of
scuttle he's the flight of the ship and
catch Ursula in the middle of her boring
bad guy
so the whole oceanic population teams up
to stop the wedding
Ariel gets her voice back and the Sun
Goes Down on Ariel to crudely remind
Eric that he can't then ursula takes
Ariel back into the water to remind her
who's her Octomom the king gets turned
into a Paula ain't that one of the
things that grosses somebody booty
ursula takes over the sea like she
Calypso and Eric has a showdown with the
soft-bodied bit at which point she
decides to go crack in front
didn't the king becomes his old self and
rewards his troublemaking Donald with
the thing that caused all the damn
trouble in the first place
Disney never failing to remind the
little children you can wreak havoc on
your parents lives until they give you
your weight and be sure to LIKE share
and subscribe for your regular fictional
myth you can expect me to upload more
videos on Thanksgiving weekend video one
video thanks to these magnificent
muffins
Mario Tiffany stock kitten disap whiskey
gabriella see Michelle w PG f Jay gray
do raspberries David see Tina D Kelly s
Caro else Brian P David m JK Donna G Dan
W ona mne melon a.m. Adrienne P and
Justin be for motors explain fall I'm
Jeb Under